all right to the hottest stripes
conflict whatever you want to call it in
the League of Legends eSports right now
last week on this show
mark Zimmerman continued a conversation
he'd previously had I think it was on
the broadcast right or on one of your
shows glt I think you had said yeah I
mention it where he said that bio frost
does not have a champ pool or he's
concerned he doesn't have a champ pool
that he wishes he did I cut this out and
posted it separately on YouTube and
everyone's like what does Mark think
he's talking about look at all these
champions he's played how dare he do
this you should have caught the part
where he said he hopes TSM bombs oh and
just out of it yes
and then maybe look at the ad and then
this week as I was walking to bio frost
over from the fan interaction area to
the place where I was interviewing he's
like hey Travis another thing that you
had on your show where marks had that
thing I was like hey he's like everyone
linked that to me this week and I was
like I was like okay I will ask you
about it and so then I asked her about
it and he was super polite it was like I
could totally see where he's coming from
and saying that I'm like it's a
perfectly reasonable thing for him to
think even though I think you don't like
maybe in these situations I'm not or you
know whatever but like it's cool you
know like everybody has their pity that
mark has his and like I it's completely
fine and then uh yeah now now mark is
back under fire again
well you and by the way you want if you
want ya know personally if you want to
see the interview it's up on my youtube
channel is posted there it's also on the
second page of Reddit I think if you
prefer to discover stuff there so all
right so all right as a kind of diatribe
as that was Travis it's not really the
topic so I mean obviously I I'm not
going to go over my argument again I
wasn't saying bio Frost can't play these
champions tsm's not picking them and
then I don't care what you pull up from
four weeks ago I'm talking about right
now anyways that was the whole thing bio
Frost defended himself great I love that
but I just wish he had more fire when he
did it like I know he's Canadian I know
he's a nice boy so I'm not saying
necessarily that like you need to come
out and say I'm an idiot but I just wish
she was like I wish she just said I was
wrong you know I wish because I'm not
only wanted back and forth because
always favors the content creator when
you have a back and forth the pro player
doesn't have their own platform
necessarily not really I mean I don't
think that's accurate you don't think so
I think it's definitely pair of players
because the fans like the players I was
going to say just man seems like the
players more but it's like let's say bio
frosted I was wrong and then I put out
another video saying I think he's wrong
oh yeah your job to create this
consequence and shut the pair up and
practice and my job is to talk about it
so at some point it does circle back
around to favor the content maybe out
maybe you guys would have a different
opinion because you guys have been into
doing this longer than me technically so
I'm sure you guys might have a different
experience but for me when I was in the
team environment and like s I was going
around and s I will make fun of our
players if you shot back at them
eventually the fans are like you
shouldn't even be listening yeah no
that's a perfect example because yeah
Thorin it's like ten eight or so
something super persistent about it as a
content creator right like you put out
your piece of content and they say no
you're wrong friends are like huh yeah
yeah understand they will they will
agree but it just created like a weird
back-and-forth but I just wish like I
wish one they responded to criticism on
a more individual level and like I feel
like that would create a lot more hype
around the discussions then like there's
been some chirping about your champion
pool blah blah blah like I'm glad Travis
was specific and said Mark said this or
you know Emily said this or Carol I'm
kelcie said this you know like I would
prefer if that was at and then the
players and I understand Maya process
and the guy but like if let's say with a
criticism at doublelift or a more
outspoken player that they're just like
I think they're full of like I
would love that
I don't know how you guys feel but
personally I'm not like a like afraid of
a back-and-forth with a pro player or an
argument look and I would I would prefer
to see that than like what happens right
now like you said in Europe and a little
bit North America we're like I can see
where they're coming from and there's
some truth in it but it's not really
that way and here's why Kelsey just
admitted she's afraid to even say
you teams are going to get in North
America of course she's afraid of going
head-to-head with these players yes I'm
terrified of fire from I mean it's it's
pretty good because sometimes it's like
I will be interviewing the players who I
know has read something when I
criticized Germany's like well some
people will say they yeah and I think
they're wrong it's very pointed but um
so I think it's it's a little bit
interesting I think I mean I don't mind
the dialogue I can see why there are
reasons not to have the dialogue on both
the content creation and the per player
side I think especially like someone
like me I mean the welding green thing
yeah uh there's definitely certain like
amount of gravitas to being interesting
and I think for the pro player yeah if
you're going to and if the content
creator continues to like push the
dialogue it just seems like they're
being like nitpicky and sore loser and
everything so I think that there's like
two sides to that I I think it would be
cool if we had more of it because if we
did have more of it then it wouldn't be
I don't think there would be as much
like of a stigma and it wouldn't be as
immediate fan reaction like signing one
way or the other just because of the
content creator set or the pro player
set and then you could have a lot more
of these like types of discussions but I
think would ultimately benefit this
scene more um but again it would be a
huge time thing it's another type of
content and then teams aren't
necessarily sure like what types of
content they want to invest in or what
types of content they want to do so I
understand why it's not something that
they're focusing on right now I've said
that nobody ever came out with the
caster tier list because a couple
different people thought they were regi
tweeted it I can't wait for this
didn't happen yeah yeah Emily um do you
want to go to war with pro flares
not really but like um mortgage and yeah
it's a little
weird to me uh but cool because like I
don't know if horses very much its own
thing right so coming from a more
traditional sports background where
there's like a more clear separation I
guess between content creators and media
and the athletes themselves and just a
lot more developed infrastructure I
think one thing that's actually really
cool about League of Legends eSports and
being in League of Legends eSports is
that you can be so close to the players
so in that regard I I really like the
idea of having having kind of like a
funny back-and-forth like calling each
other out kind of thing and getting
people riled up I think the only thing
is like I hope both sides on the
audience know that just because I don't
know like I'm really bad at dealing with
a lot of like personal attacks like I'll
be super upfront about that I really
handle it poorly the person that hates
me the most is myself so in that way
like a lot of a lot of what people say
it's never going to get to the level of
like what I think of myself but it's
still really exhausting for me to deal
with mentally so in that regard I would
just want to make sure that people would
know that it was an open dialogue and
not me personally attacking a player
because I don't want to make an extra
effort to invite even more personal
attacks than I already kind of Mercy's
every time I run in like I would have
these conversations with Emily about
like criticism she would have teams and
I would say you know you should publish
that and then so like she started
working on things where she wanted to
criticize take her for a specific thing
he does he gains I was like you should
call that famous faker does and she
chickened out she called it things as
Kate she does and this is like the
perfect
Emily content problem right there no
yeah I think I think it can be weird
being as close as it is and you sports
actually I saw myself the problem were
like
I was at you know a house party that's
Carra through and a handful of pro
players showed up and I was like I
railed on you guys
yes I'm glt have you seen that they
don't want to work which is fine like I
don't care it's more like when people
say stuff on the on the broadcast that's
I think that it was a bigger problem
yeah but I mean the glt thing or the
thing your time I was bio frost wasn't
no I know I know it was I'm just saying
like I think it did propose I don't
think it's too much of this content
unless it's there in the headline and I
I think that the only exception is
obviously the broadcast because people
will see it or it's so high-profile that
people will hear about it or whatever
yeah I mean either way it's like this
kind of stuff although I did love it
look too close I did love it when you
guys rated all the different pro players
and obscure tweeted the thing that was
like say something mean to me or
whatever and Keith just replied with you
rated me as the worst player they gonna
see it something a scar it's gosh like
Alice actually did get to me I mean we
did that to just push the envelope
because like this is when all the t
lists are coming out let's go next level
and like literally sign and you know it
was almost like a parody yes yeah that
was good though so to sum it all up
you are so first you were you were
disappointed and bio frost champ pool
and then he politely addressed it and
disagrees and now you're disappointed
you are just like well I was trying to
fight this guys as possible I can't wait
to cut this clip out and put it on
YouTube because it's going to be so
great I was gonna be like Marcus now a
great actor champion pool so now we
understand the real reason why mark
simmerman cage TSM is that he just wants
the abuse really just a community and a
second yeah that's what we discovered
about my school all right